README.md, before:

hereya-cli
=================

Developer's Package Manager for Seamless Infrastructure Integration.


[![oclif](https://img.shields.io/badge/cli-oclif-brightgreen.svg)](https://oclif.io)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/hereya-cli.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/hereya-cli)
[![Downloads/week](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/hereya-cli.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/hereya-cli)


<!-- toc -->
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Commands](#commands)
<!-- tocstop -->
# Usage
<!-- usage -->
```sh-session
$ npm install -g hereya-cli
$ hereya COMMAND
running command...
$ hereya (--version)
hereya-cli/0.0.0 darwin-arm64 node-v20.12.2
$ hereya --help [COMMAND]
USAGE
  $ hereya COMMAND
...
```
<!-- usagestop -->
# Commands
<!-- commands -->
* [`hereya add PACKAGE`](#hereya-add-package)
* [`hereya bootstrap INFRASTRUCTURETYPE`](#hereya-bootstrap-infrastructuretype)
* [`hereya down`](#hereya-down)
* [`hereya env`](#hereya-env)
* [`hereya help [COMMAND]`](#hereya-help-command)
* [`hereya init PROJECT`](#hereya-init-project)
* [`hereya remove PACKAGE`](#hereya-remove-package)
* [`hereya run CMD`](#hereya-run-cmd)
* [`hereya up`](#hereya-up)
* [`hereya workspace create NAME`](#hereya-workspace-create-name)
* [`hereya workspace delete NAME`](#hereya-workspace-delete-name)
* [`hereya workspace env`](#hereya-workspace-env)
* [`hereya workspace install PACKAGE`](#hereya-workspace-install-package)
* [`hereya workspace uninstall PACKAGE`](#hereya-workspace-uninstall-package)

## `hereya add PACKAGE`

Add a package to the project.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya add PACKAGE [--chdir <value>] [-p <value>]

ARGUMENTS
  PACKAGE  The package to add. Packages are gitHub repositories. Use the format owner/repository

FLAGS
  -p, --parameter=<value>...  [default: ] parameter for the package, in the form of 'key=value'. Can be specified
                              multiple times.
      --chdir=<value>         directory to run command in

DESCRIPTION
  Add a package to the project.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya add cloudy/docker_postgres
```

_See code: [src/commands/add/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/add/index.ts)_

## `hereya bootstrap INFRASTRUCTURETYPE`

Install necessary resources for hereya operations in an infrastructure.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya bootstrap INFRASTRUCTURETYPE [-f]

ARGUMENTS
  INFRASTRUCTURETYPE  infrastructure to bootstrap. Options are local, aws, azure, gcp

FLAGS
  -f, --force  redeploy hereya resources if already deployed

DESCRIPTION
  Install necessary resources for hereya operations in an infrastructure.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya bootstrap aws

  $ hereya bootstrap local

  $ hereya bootstrap gcp

  $ hereya bootstrap azure
```

_See
code: [src/commands/bootstrap/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/bootstrap/index.ts)_

## `hereya down`

Destroy all packages in the project.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya down [--chdir <value>] [-w <value>]

FLAGS
  -w, --workspace=<value>  name of the workspace to install the packages for
      --chdir=<value>      directory to run command in

DESCRIPTION
  Destroy all packages in the project.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya down
```

_See code: [src/commands/down/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/down/index.ts)_

## `hereya env`

Print project environment variables.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya env [--chdir <value>] [-w <value>]

FLAGS
  -w, --workspace=<value>  name of the workspace to print the env vars for
      --chdir=<value>      project root directory

DESCRIPTION
  Print project environment variables.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya env

  $ hereya env -w dev
```

_See code: [src/commands/env/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/env/index.ts)_

## `hereya help [COMMAND]`

Display help for hereya.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya help [COMMAND...] [-n]

ARGUMENTS
  COMMAND...  Command to show help for.

FLAGS
  -n, --nested-commands  Include all nested commands in the output.

DESCRIPTION
  Display help for hereya.
```

_See code: [@oclif/plugin-help](https://github.com/oclif/plugin-help/blob/v6.0.22/src/commands/help.ts)_

## `hereya init PROJECT`

Initialize hereya in a project directory.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya init PROJECT -w <value> [--chdir <value>]

ARGUMENTS
  PROJECT  project name

FLAGS
  -w, --workspace=<value>  (required) workspace to set as default
      --chdir=<value>      directory to run command in

DESCRIPTION
  Initialize hereya in a project directory.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya init myProject -w=defaultWorkspace

  $ hereya init myProject -w=defaultWorkspace --chdir=./myProject
```

_See code: [src/commands/init/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/init/index.ts)_

## `hereya remove PACKAGE`

Remove a package from the project.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya remove PACKAGE [--chdir <value>]

ARGUMENTS
  PACKAGE  The package to remove. Packages are gitHub repositories. Use the format owner/repository

FLAGS
  --chdir=<value>  directory to run command in

DESCRIPTION
  Remove a package from the project.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya remove cloudy/docker_postgres
```

_See
code: [src/commands/remove/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/remove/index.ts)_

## `hereya run CMD`

Run a command with hereya env vars.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya run CMD... [--chdir <value>] [-w <value>]

ARGUMENTS
  CMD...  command to run

FLAGS
  -w, --workspace=<value>  name of the workspace to run the command in
      --chdir=<value>      directory to run command in

DESCRIPTION
  Run a command with hereya env vars.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya run -- npm run dev

  $ hereya run -w uat -- node index.js
```

_See code: [src/commands/run/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/run/index.ts)_

## `hereya up`

Provision all packages in the project.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya up [--chdir <value>] [-w <value>]

FLAGS
  -w, --workspace=<value>  name of the workspace to install the packages for
      --chdir=<value>      directory to run command in

DESCRIPTION
  Provision all packages in the project.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya up
```

_See code: [src/commands/up/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/up/index.ts)_

## `hereya workspace create NAME`

Create a new workspace if it does not exist.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya workspace create NAME

ARGUMENTS
  NAME  name of the workspace to create

DESCRIPTION
  Create a new workspace if it does not exist.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya workspace create dev
```

_See
code: [src/commands/workspace/create/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/workspace/create/index.ts)_

## `hereya workspace delete NAME`

Delete a workspace if it exists.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya workspace delete NAME

ARGUMENTS
  NAME  name of the workspace to delete

DESCRIPTION
  Delete a workspace if it exists.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya workspace delete dev
```

_See
code: [src/commands/workspace/delete/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/workspace/delete/index.ts)_

## `hereya workspace env`

Print workspace env vars.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya workspace env -w <value>

FLAGS
  -w, --workspace=<value>  (required) name of the workspace to print env vars for

DESCRIPTION
  Print workspace env vars.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya workspace env -w dev
```

_See
code: [src/commands/workspace/env/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/workspace/env/index.ts)_

## `hereya workspace install PACKAGE`

Add a package to the workspace.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya workspace install PACKAGE -w <value> [-p <value>] [-f <value>]

ARGUMENTS
  PACKAGE  The package to add. Packages are gitHub repositories. Use the format owner/repository

FLAGS
  -f, --parameter-file=<value>  path to a file containing parameters for the package
  -p, --parameter=<value>...    [default: ] parameter for the package, in the form of 'key=value'. Can be specified
                                multiple times.
  -w, --workspace=<value>       (required) name of the workspace to add the package to

DESCRIPTION
  Add a package to the workspace.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya workspace install hereya/aws-cognito
```

_See
code: [src/commands/workspace/install/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/workspace/install/index.ts)_

## `hereya workspace uninstall PACKAGE`

Remove a package from a workspace.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya workspace uninstall PACKAGE -w <value> [-p <value>] [-f <value>]

ARGUMENTS
  PACKAGE  The package to remove. Packages are gitHub repositories. Use the format owner/repository

FLAGS
  -f, --parameter-file=<value>  path to a file containing parameters for the package
  -p, --parameter=<value>...    [default: ] parameter for the package, in the form of 'key=value'. Can be specified
                                multiple times.
  -w, --workspace=<value>       (required) name of the workspace to remove the package from

DESCRIPTION
  Remove a package from a workspace.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya workspace uninstall hereya/aws-cognito
```

_See
code: [src/commands/workspace/uninstall/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/workspace/uninstall/index.ts)_
<!-- commandsstop -->

Commit message:

Refactor AWS infrastructure and optimize test setup
Updated the AWS infrastructure bootstrap method to use the STSClient, refactored other methods to handle environment settings more efficiently. Optimized test setup by refactoring environment management in 'up' and 'down' command tests.

Signed-off-by: Jonatan Sombié <jonatan.sombie@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

hereya-cli
=================

Developer's Package Manager for Seamless Infrastructure Integration.


[![oclif](https://img.shields.io/badge/cli-oclif-brightgreen.svg)](https://oclif.io)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/hereya-cli.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/hereya-cli)
[![Downloads/week](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/hereya-cli.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/hereya-cli)


<!-- toc -->
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Commands](#commands)
<!-- tocstop -->
# Usage
<!-- usage -->
```sh-session
$ npm install -g hereya-cli
$ hereya COMMAND
running command...
$ hereya (--version)
hereya-cli/0.0.0 darwin-arm64 node-v20.12.2
$ hereya --help [COMMAND]
USAGE
  $ hereya COMMAND
...
```
<!-- usagestop -->
# Commands
<!-- commands -->
* [`hereya add PACKAGE`](#hereya-add-package)
* [`hereya bootstrap INFRASTRUCTURETYPE`](#hereya-bootstrap-infrastructuretype)
* [`hereya down`](#hereya-down)
* [`hereya env`](#hereya-env)
* [`hereya help [COMMAND]`](#hereya-help-command)
* [`hereya init PROJECT`](#hereya-init-project)
* [`hereya remote exec [PKGPATH]`](#hereya-remote-exec-pkgpath)
* [`hereya remove PACKAGE`](#hereya-remove-package)
* [`hereya run CMD`](#hereya-run-cmd)
* [`hereya up`](#hereya-up)
* [`hereya workspace create NAME`](#hereya-workspace-create-name)
* [`hereya workspace delete NAME`](#hereya-workspace-delete-name)
* [`hereya workspace env`](#hereya-workspace-env)
* [`hereya workspace install PACKAGE`](#hereya-workspace-install-package)
* [`hereya workspace uninstall PACKAGE`](#hereya-workspace-uninstall-package)

## `hereya add PACKAGE`

Add a package to the project.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya add PACKAGE [--chdir <value>] [-p <value>]

ARGUMENTS
  PACKAGE  The package to add. Packages are gitHub repositories. Use the format owner/repository

FLAGS
  -p, --parameter=<value>...  [default: ] parameter for the package, in the form of 'key=value'. Can be specified
                              multiple times.
      --chdir=<value>         directory to run command in

DESCRIPTION
  Add a package to the project.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya add cloudy/docker_postgres
```

_See code: [src/commands/add/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/add/index.ts)_

## `hereya bootstrap INFRASTRUCTURETYPE`

Install necessary resources for hereya operations in an infrastructure.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya bootstrap INFRASTRUCTURETYPE [-f]

ARGUMENTS
  INFRASTRUCTURETYPE  infrastructure to bootstrap. Options are local, aws, azure, gcp

FLAGS
  -f, --force  redeploy hereya resources if already deployed

DESCRIPTION
  Install necessary resources for hereya operations in an infrastructure.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya bootstrap aws

  $ hereya bootstrap local
```

_See
code: [src/commands/bootstrap/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/bootstrap/index.ts)_

## `hereya down`

Destroy all packages in the project.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya down [--chdir <value>] [-w <value>]

FLAGS
  -w, --workspace=<value>  name of the workspace to install the packages for
      --chdir=<value>      directory to run command in

DESCRIPTION
  Destroy all packages in the project.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya down
```

_See code: [src/commands/down/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/down/index.ts)_

## `hereya env`

Print project environment variables.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya env [--chdir <value>] [-w <value>]

FLAGS
  -w, --workspace=<value>  name of the workspace to print the env vars for
      --chdir=<value>      project root directory

DESCRIPTION
  Print project environment variables.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya env

  $ hereya env -w dev
```

_See code: [src/commands/env/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/env/index.ts)_

## `hereya help [COMMAND]`

Display help for hereya.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya help [COMMAND...] [-n]

ARGUMENTS
  COMMAND...  Command to show help for.

FLAGS
  -n, --nested-commands  Include all nested commands in the output.

DESCRIPTION
  Display help for hereya.
```

_See code: [@oclif/plugin-help](https://github.com/oclif/plugin-help/blob/v6.0.22/src/commands/help.ts)_

## `hereya init PROJECT`

Initialize hereya in a project directory.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya init PROJECT -w <value> [--chdir <value>]

ARGUMENTS
  PROJECT  project name

FLAGS
  -w, --workspace=<value>  (required) workspace to set as default
      --chdir=<value>      directory to run command in

DESCRIPTION
  Initialize hereya in a project directory.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya init myProject -w=defaultWorkspace

  $ hereya init myProject -w=defaultWorkspace --chdir=./myProject
```

_See code: [src/commands/init/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/init/index.ts)_

## `hereya remote exec [PKGPATH]`

remotely provision or destroy a package

```
USAGE
  $ hereya remote exec [PKGPATH] [-o <value>]

ARGUMENTS
  PKGPATH  The path to the package to provision or destroy

FLAGS
  -o, --output=<value>  The path to store the output env in

DESCRIPTION
  remotely provision or destroy a package

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya remote exec
```

_See
code: [src/commands/remote/exec/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/remote/exec/index.ts)_

## `hereya remove PACKAGE`

Remove a package from the project.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya remove PACKAGE [--chdir <value>]

ARGUMENTS
  PACKAGE  The package to remove. Packages are gitHub repositories. Use the format owner/repository

FLAGS
  --chdir=<value>  directory to run command in

DESCRIPTION
  Remove a package from the project.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya remove cloudy/docker_postgres
```

_See
code: [src/commands/remove/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/remove/index.ts)_

## `hereya run CMD`

Run a command with hereya env vars.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya run CMD... [--chdir <value>] [-w <value>]

ARGUMENTS
  CMD...  command to run

FLAGS
  -w, --workspace=<value>  name of the workspace to run the command in
      --chdir=<value>      directory to run command in

DESCRIPTION
  Run a command with hereya env vars.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya run -- npm run dev

  $ hereya run -w uat -- node index.js
```

_See code: [src/commands/run/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/run/index.ts)_

## `hereya up`

Provision all packages in the project.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya up [--chdir <value>] [-w <value>]

FLAGS
  -w, --workspace=<value>  name of the workspace to install the packages for
      --chdir=<value>      directory to run command in

DESCRIPTION
  Provision all packages in the project.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya up
```

_See code: [src/commands/up/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/up/index.ts)_

## `hereya workspace create NAME`

Create a new workspace if it does not exist.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya workspace create NAME

ARGUMENTS
  NAME  name of the workspace to create

DESCRIPTION
  Create a new workspace if it does not exist.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya workspace create dev
```

_See
code: [src/commands/workspace/create/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/workspace/create/index.ts)_

## `hereya workspace delete NAME`

Delete a workspace if it exists.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya workspace delete NAME

ARGUMENTS
  NAME  name of the workspace to delete

DESCRIPTION
  Delete a workspace if it exists.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya workspace delete dev
```

_See
code: [src/commands/workspace/delete/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/workspace/delete/index.ts)_

## `hereya workspace env`

Print workspace env vars.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya workspace env -w <value>

FLAGS
  -w, --workspace=<value>  (required) name of the workspace to print env vars for

DESCRIPTION
  Print workspace env vars.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya workspace env -w dev
```

_See
code: [src/commands/workspace/env/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/workspace/env/index.ts)_

## `hereya workspace install PACKAGE`

Add a package to the workspace.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya workspace install PACKAGE -w <value> [-p <value>] [-f <value>]

ARGUMENTS
  PACKAGE  The package to add. Packages are gitHub repositories. Use the format owner/repository

FLAGS
  -f, --parameter-file=<value>  path to a file containing parameters for the package
  -p, --parameter=<value>...    [default: ] parameter for the package, in the form of 'key=value'. Can be specified
                                multiple times.
  -w, --workspace=<value>       (required) name of the workspace to add the package to

DESCRIPTION
  Add a package to the workspace.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya workspace install hereya/aws-cognito
```

_See
code: [src/commands/workspace/install/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/workspace/install/index.ts)_

## `hereya workspace uninstall PACKAGE`

Remove a package from a workspace.

```
USAGE
  $ hereya workspace uninstall PACKAGE -w <value> [-p <value>] [-f <value>]

ARGUMENTS
  PACKAGE  The package to remove. Packages are gitHub repositories. Use the format owner/repository

FLAGS
  -f, --parameter-file=<value>  path to a file containing parameters for the package
  -p, --parameter=<value>...    [default: ] parameter for the package, in the form of 'key=value'. Can be specified
                                multiple times.
  -w, --workspace=<value>       (required) name of the workspace to remove the package from

DESCRIPTION
  Remove a package from a workspace.

EXAMPLES
  $ hereya workspace uninstall hereya/aws-cognito
```

_See
code: [src/commands/workspace/uninstall/index.ts](https://github.com/hereya/hereya-cli/blob/v0.0.0/src/commands/workspace/uninstall/index.ts)_
<!-- commandsstop -->
